[3.2] docs(pager):documentation for adaptive pager (#876)
telerik/blazor-docs: _contentTemplates/common/pager-settings.md

#pager-settings
 
@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

| Attribute | Type and Default Value | Description |
|----------|----------|----------|

> |`Adaptive` | `bool` <br/> (`true`)| Defines whether pager elements should be changed based on the screen size. If enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` elements when its width is decreased. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element.

Reviewer: What is the threshold for this behavior?

```suggestion
|`Adaptive` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements should change based on the screen size. If enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` when its width is small. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element.
```
